Add a new provider - Barry (Denmark) (#25)
MattJeanes/TeslaMateAgile: README.md

- Awattar__VATMultiplier=1.00 # Optional (default: 1.19), you should not need to set this unless your VAT differs from the default
```

> ### Barry

Reviewer: You'll want to edit the list of supported energy providers / tariffs near the top of this file to include your new one

```yaml
- TeslaMate__EnergyProvider=Barry

> - Awattar__VATMultiplier=1.00 # Optional (default: 1.19), you should not need to set this unless your VAT differs from the default

Reviewer: I assume this line can be removed? I can't see any VAT Multiplier implementation for Barry

- Awattar__VATMultiplier=1.00 # Optional (default: 1.19), you should not need to set this unless your VAT differs from the default
```

### Barry

```yaml
- TeslaMate__EnergyProvider=Barry

> - Barry__BarryApiKey=XXXXX # Required - API key can be optained through their mobile app
> - Barry__BarryMPID=YYYYY # Required - metering point ID (MPID) can be obtained through their mobile app

Reviewer: Oops, did just spot this little documentation error after renaming the variables!

```suggestion
- Barry__ApiKey=XXXXX # Required - API key can be optained through their mobile app
- Barry__MPID=YYYYY # Required - metering point ID (MPID) can be obtained through their mobile app
```
